VentureMeet
===========


We present to you Venture Meet the app that will connect Caixa's clients more than ever.

Firstly let us present some of our findings.
We've discovered several articles regarding Caixa's particular interest in startups.
Caixa works with large vendors, including IBM, Accenture and HP, but seeks innovation from small companies with specialized knowledge on technologies.
Well, one thing is to seek for this small companies other is to actually do something about it.
We found that in early 2011 Caixa launched Caixa Capital Micro and several startups have proven their success.
Most of the investments are provided by "la Caixa" Group but there is a significant participation by public and private investors!
Ok. Enough about Caixa and their investors. 

What do entrepreneurs need most?
There is no efficient and tech friendly way of connecting entrepreneurs to investors.
Also, it is well known that lack of funding and financial help is the main reason that most startups fail, even good ones.
The problems are real, but how are we going to solve this issue?
First of all we'll promote and create a community of investors and entrepreneurs.
Secondly, TIME. We want to encourage a fast and immediate connection between these actors. Most investors are busy and they can't afford to schedule meetings in their offices to hear every single startup idea.
Regarding this guidelines we're ready to implement our solution.

FIRST STEP : GATHER ALL CAIXABANK'S INFORMATION ABOUT THEIR INVESTORS
SECOND: DEVELOP AN APP THAT, WITH SINGLE CLICK (WEARABLE DEVICES ARE GREAT FOR THOSE), SCHEDULES A LUNCH BETWEEN A CAIXA CLIENT ENTREPRENEUR AND AN ASSOCIATED INVESTOR.
THIRD STEP : A CHANCE IS GIVEN TO THE ENTREPRENEUR TO EXPOSE HIS IDEA IN A PRACTICAL WAY. THERE ARE NO OBLIGATIONS, JUST AND INFORMAL LUNCH TALK!

Entrepreneurs win. This app will guarantee a fast access to a wide network of handpicked investors.
It is given to them the chance to schedule a meet with a real investor, FAST and EASY!
Also they'll have a whole lunch to expose their idea.

We're all well aware of how busy investors tend to be, but even investors need to lunch! Yes, we did our research.
Being able to easily and rapidly schedule a lunch with an entrepreneur facilitates the investor’s way of hearing new financially promising ideas. 

Now let’s talk about what's really important.
How will Caixa profit from all this?
The key to succeed in any business is having satisfied clients. By responding to their needs we can surely achieve that. 
More customers will join Caixa giving it's a vehicle to reach investors in an easy and fast way.
More connections, more discussion, better investments. Caixa will be responsible for the rise of future role-model companies.
Win. Win. Win.

The prototype.
You're a Caixa's client and you're at work.
You look at your watch. Lunch time is soon.
While still counting the minutes left to have your break, a notification pops up asking if you'd like to schedule a venture meet.
You have no plans for your lunch break and there's an idea you'd like to be heard by a possible investor.
With a single click an automated match between you and a possible investor that is also available to lunch is created. Next panel shows the option to contact that investor. Now it's up to you, hope you have a good pitch ;)
